You can bend rivers. But when I get home, the only thing I have power over is the garbage. This is truly an almighty mountain. It is a lot of fun.

I spend a lot of time walking around in the woods and talking to trees, and squirrels, and little rabbits and stuff. Everybody needs a friend. Anyone can paint.

Everybody's different. Trees are different. Let them all be individuals. It just happens - whether or not you worried about it or tried to plan it. Let your imagination just wonder around when you're doing these things.

Sometimes you learn more from your mistakes than you do from your masterpieces. You can work and carry-on and put lots of little happy things in here. Even the worst thing we can do here is good.

We don't really know where this goes - and I'm not sure we really care. When you do it your way you can go anywhere you choose. We need a shadow side and a highlight side.

Let that brush dance around there and play. All you have to do is let your imagination go wild. Van Dyke Brown is a very nice brown, it's almost like a chocolate brown.

You can do anything your heart can imagine. That's a crooked tree. We'll send him to Washington. You can spend all day playing with mountains.

All you have to learn here is how to have fun. The man who does the best job is the one who is happy at his job. Go out on a limb - that's where the fruit is.

Nature is so fantastic, enjoy it. Let it make you happy. In painting, you have unlimited power. You have the ability to move mountains. I will take some magic white, and a little bit of Vandyke brown and a little touch of yellow.

Let all these little things happen. Don't fight them. Learn to use them. No pressure. Just relax and watch it happen. Automatically, all of these beautiful, beautiful things will happen.

It's beautiful - and we haven't even done anything to it yet. Let's have a little bit of fun today. There it is.

Let's make a nice big leafy tree. Let's make a happy little mountain now. A big strong tree needs big strong roots.

Every highlight needs it's own personal shadow. Life is too short to be alone, too precious. Share it with a friend. A tree cannot be straight if it has a crooked trunk.

You don't have to spend all your time thinking about what you're doing, you just let it happen. You could sit here for weeks with your one hair brush trying to do that - or you could do it with one stroke with an almighty brush. What the devil.

That's what makes life fun. That you can make these decisions. That you can create the world that you want. Let's do it again then, what the heck. It's important to me that you're happy.

Little short strokes. Volunteering your time; it pays you and your whole community fantastic dividends. Each highlight must have it's own private shadow.

Only eight colors that you need. Nothing wrong with washing your brush. Let's get crazy.

Just think about these things in your mind - then bring them into your world. Use your imagination, let it go. Let your heart be your guide.

Just take out whatever you don't want. It'll change your entire perspective. And I know you're saying, 'Oh Bob, you've done it this time.' And you may be right. We have no limits to our world. We're only limited by our imagination.

Everything is happy if you choose to make it that way. A tree needs to be your friend if you're going to paint him. There's nothing wrong with having a tree as a friend.

We tell people sometimes: we're like drug dealers, come into town and get everybody absolutely addicted to painting. It doesn't take much to get you addicted. Maybe there's a happy little Evergreen that lives here. Put your feelings into it, your heart, it's your world.

And I will hypnotize that just a little bit. Fluff it up a little and hypnotize it. Be brave.

Let's build an almighty mountain. If you didn't have baby clouds, you wouldn't have big clouds. I thought today we would make a happy little stream that's just running through the woods here.

Making all those little fluffies that live in the clouds. Poor old tree. If there's two big trees invariably sooner or later there's gonna be a little tree.

I really recommend you use odorless thinner or your spouse is gonna run you right out into the yard and you'll be working by yourself. I guess I'm a little weird. I like to talk to trees and animals. That's okay though; I have more fun than most people. Maybe there's a little something happening right here.

You can create the world you want to see and be a part of. You have that power. We'll put some happy little leaves here and there. We'll put a happy little sky in here.

If it's not what you want - stop and change it. Don't just keep going and expect it will get better. Maybe there's a happy little bush that lives right there. Now, we're going to fluff this cloud.

Absolutely no pressure. You are just a whisper floating across a mountain. Work on one thing at a time. Don't get carried away - we have plenty of time. The only thing worse than yellow snow is green snow.

Every time you practice, you learn more. Let the paint work. When things happen - enjoy them. They're little gifts.

Now then, let's play. Maybe we got a few little happy bushes here, just covered with snow. Just think about these things in your mind and drop em' on canvas.

It's all a game of angles. Just let go - and fall like a little waterfall. Be careful. You can always add more - but you can't take it away.

Everything's not great in life, but we can still find beauty in it. You can't make a mistake. Anything that happens you can learn to use - and make something beautiful out of it. See how easy it is to create a little tree right in your world.

Let's put some highlights on these little trees. The sun wouldn't forget them. Just use the old one inch brush. You've got to learn to fight the temptation to resist these things. Just let them happen.

Now we'll take the almighty fan brush. That is when you can experience true joy, when you have no fear. I think there's an artist hidden in the bottom of every single one of us.

We'll play with clouds today. I'm a water fanatic. I love water. It all happens automatically.

I'll go over the colors one more time that we use: Titanium white, Thalo green, Prussian blue, Van Dyke brown, Alizarin crimson, Sap green, Cad yellow, and Permanent red. They say everything looks better with odd numbers of things. But sometimes I put even numbers—just to upset the critics. Nothing's gonna make your husband or wife madder than coming home and having a snow-covered dinner.

This is probably the greatest thing to happen in my life - to be able to share this with you. Don't forget to tell these special people in your life just how special they are to you. We'll paint one happy little tree right here.

Nice little fluffy clouds laying around in the sky being lazy. Isn't it great to do something you can't fail at? Put light against light - you have nothing. Put dark against dark - you have nothing. It's the contrast of light and dark that each give the other one meaning.

A fan brush is a fantastic piece of equipment. Use it. Make friends with it. We can fix anything. Let's just drop a little Evergreen right here.

This is a fantastic little painting. And right there you got an almighty cloud. Decide where your cloud lives. Maybe he lives right in here.

If you've been in Alaska less than a year you're a Cheechako. Don't hurry. Take your time and enjoy. We have all at one time or another mixed some mud.

Trees grow however makes them happy. Let's get wild today. From all of us here, I want to wish you happy painting and God bless, my friends.

We don't want to set these clouds on fire. You better get your coat out, this is going to be a cold painting. We want to use a lot pressure while using no pressure at all.

God gave you this gift of imagination. Use it. How to paint. That's easy. What to paint. That's much harder. The only prerequisite is that it makes you happy. If it makes you happy then it's good.

Only God can make a tree - but you can paint one. Just pretend you are a whisper floating across a mountain. Let's give him a friend too. Everybody needs a friend.

We need dark in order to show light. Water's like me. It's laaazy ... Boy, it always looks for the easiest way to do things Those great big fluffy clouds.

If these lines aren't straight, your water's going to run right out of your painting and get your floor wet. Just a little indication. And maybe a little bush lives there.

Let your imagination be your guide. Everyone is going to see things differently - and that's the way it should be. I'm gonna add just a tiny little amount of Prussian Blue.

You create the dream - then you bring it into your world. See. We take the corner of the brush and let it play back-and-forth. That easy.

Maybe there was an old trapper that lived out here and maybe one day he went to check his beaver traps, and maybe he fell into the river and drowned. With something so strong, a little bit can go a long way. Just let your mind wander and enjoy. This should make you happy.

