They don’t want us to win. They don’t want us to eat. You should never complain, complaining is a weak emotion, you got life, we breathing, we blessed. It’s on you how you want to live your life. Everyone has a choice. I pick my choice, squeaky clean. Celebrate success right, the only way, apple. In life there will be road blocks but we will over come it. I’m up to something. Egg whites, turkey sausage, wheat toast, water. Of course they don’t want us to eat our breakfast, so we are going to enjoy our breakfast.

Don’t ever play yourself. Find peace, life is like a water fall, you’ve gotta flow. Learning is cool, but knowing is better, and I know the key to success. It’s on you how you want to live your life. Everyone has a choice. I pick my choice, squeaky clean. The key to more success is to get a massage once a week, very important, major key, cloth talk. Life is what you make it, so let’s make it. Congratulations, you played yourself.

The key to more success is to get a massage once a week, very important, major key, cloth talk. How’s business? Boomin. Special cloth alert. I’m giving you cloth talk, cloth. Special cloth alert, cut from a special cloth. Celebrate success right, the only way, apple. Bless up. Surround yourself with angels, positive energy, beautiful people, beautiful souls, clean heart, angel. They key is to have every key, the key to open every door. You should never complain, complaining is a weak emotion, you got life, we breathing, we blessed.

Find peace, life is like a water fall, you’ve gotta flow. Major key, don’t fall for the trap, stay focused. It’s the ones closest to you that want to see you fail. The key is to enjoy life, because they don’t want you to enjoy life. I promise you, they don’t want you to jetski, they don’t want you to smile. The key to more success is to get a massage once a week, very important, major key, cloth talk. I’m up to something.

You smart, you loyal, you a genius. Celebrate success right, the only way, apple. Hammock talk come soon. They will try to close the door on you, just open it. You see the hedges, how I got it shaped up? It’s important to shape up your hedges, it’s like getting a haircut, stay fresh. Look at the sunset, life is amazing, life is beautiful, life is what you make it. Eliptical talk. Wraith talk.

The key to more success is to get a massage once a week, very important, major key, cloth talk. You should never complain, complaining is a weak emotion, you got life, we breathing, we blessed. They don’t want us to win. They never said winning was easy. Some people can’t handle success, I can. Mogul talk. They never said winning was easy. Some people can’t handle success, I can. Hammock talk come soon.

Special cloth alert. A major key, never panic. Don’t panic, when it gets crazy and rough, don’t panic, stay calm. Put it this way, it took me twenty five years to get these plants, twenty five years of blood sweat and tears, and I’m never giving up, I’m just getting started. The key to more success is to get a massage once a week, very important, major key, cloth talk. I’m giving you cloth talk, cloth. Special cloth alert, cut from a special cloth.

Surround yourself with angels. You should never complain, complaining is a weak emotion, you got life, we breathing, we blessed. You see that bamboo behind me though, you see that bamboo? Ain’t nothin’ like bamboo. Bless up. Let’s see what Chef Dee got that they don’t want us to eat. Bless up. A major key, never panic. Don’t panic, when it gets crazy and rough, don’t panic, stay calm. They don’t want us to win. The key to more success is to have a lot of pillows.

A major key, never panic. Don’t panic, when it gets crazy and rough, don’t panic, stay calm. You smart, you loyal, you a genius. Find peace, life is like a water fall, you’ve gotta flow. They will try to close the door on you, just open it. Put it this way, it took me twenty five years to get these plants, twenty five years of blood sweat and tears, and I’m never giving up, I’m just getting started. I’m up to something.

They key is to have every key, the key to open every door. We the best. To succeed you must believe. When you believe, you will succeed. Major key, don’t fall for the trap, stay focused. It’s the ones closest to you that want to see you fail. How’s business? Boomin. Egg whites, turkey sausage, wheat toast, water. Of course they don’t want us to eat our breakfast, so we are going to enjoy our breakfast.

It’s important to use cocoa butter. It’s the key to more success, why not live smooth? Why live rough? I told you all this before, when you have a swimming pool, do not use chlorine, use salt water, the healing, salt water is the healing. Let’s see what Chef Dee got that they don’t want us to eat. Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion! The key is to enjoy life, because they don’t want you to enjoy life. I promise you, they don’t want you to jetski, they don’t want you to smile. We don’t see them, we will never see them.

You should never complain, complaining is a weak emotion, you got life, we breathing, we blessed. You do know, you do know that they don’t want you to have lunch. I’m keeping it real with you, so what you going do is have lunch. Hammock talk come soon. They key is to have every key, the key to open every door. The ladies always say Khaled you smell good, I use no cologne. Cocoa butter is the key. The ladies always say Khaled you smell good, I use no cologne. Cocoa butter is the key.

The key to more success is to get a massage once a week, very important, major key, cloth talk. Surround yourself with angels, positive energy, beautiful people, beautiful souls, clean heart, angel. The ladies always say Khaled you smell good, I use no cologne. Cocoa butter is the key. In life you have to take the trash out, if you have trash in your life, take it out, throw it away, get rid of it, major key. They will try to close the door on you, just open it. Special cloth alert. Hammock talk come soon.

The weather is amazing, walk with me through the pathway of more success. Take this journey with me, Lion! Always remember in the jungle there’s a lot of they in there, after you overcome they, you will make it to paradise. Fan luv. Let’s see what Chef Dee got that they don’t want us to eat. Look at the sunset, life is amazing, life is beautiful, life is what you make it. In life there will be road blocks but we will over come it. Always remember in the jungle there’s a lot of they in there, after you overcome they, you will make it to paradise.

Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion! To be successful you’ve got to work hard, to make history, simple, you’ve got to make it. It’s on you how you want to live your life. Everyone has a choice. I pick my choice, squeaky clean. The key to more success is to get a massage once a week, very important, major key, cloth talk. We don’t see them, we will never see them. They never said winning was easy. Some people can’t handle success, I can. Cloth talk. Stay focused.

Look at the sunset, life is amazing, life is beautiful, life is what you make it. The key to more success is to get a massage once a week, very important, major key, cloth talk. Let me be clear, you have to make it through the jungle to make it to paradise, that’s the key, Lion! Don’t ever play yourself. Major key, don’t fall for the trap, stay focused. It’s the ones closest to you that want to see you fail. They key is to have every key, the key to open every door.

Surround yourself with angels, positive energy, beautiful people, beautiful souls, clean heart, angel. In life you have to take the trash out, if you have trash in your life, take it out, throw it away, get rid of it, major key. Let me be clear, you have to make it through the jungle to make it to paradise, that’s the key, Lion! We the best. Congratulations, you played yourself. A major key, never panic. Don’t panic, when it gets crazy and rough, don’t panic, stay calm. To be successful you’ve got to work hard, to make history, simple, you’ve got to make it.

The key to success is to keep your head above the water, never give up. Hammock talk come soon. I told you all this before, when you have a swimming pool, do not use chlorine, use salt water, the healing, salt water is the healing. The first of the month is coming, we have to get money, we have no choice. It cost money to eat and they don’t want you to eat. Congratulations, you played yourself. Bless up.

The ladies always say Khaled you smell good, I use no cologne. Cocoa butter is the key. We the best. Surround yourself with angels, positive energy, beautiful people, beautiful souls, clean heart, angel. Look at the sunset, life is amazing, life is beautiful, life is what you make it. Put it this way, it took me twenty five years to get these plants, twenty five years of blood sweat and tears, and I’m never giving up, I’m just getting started. Always remember in the jungle there’s a lot of they in there, after you overcome they, you will make it to paradise. We don’t see them, we will never see them.

Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion! Look at the sunset, life is amazing, life is beautiful, life is what you make it. They never said winning was easy. Some people can’t handle success, I can. The key to more success is to get a massage once a week, very important, major key, cloth talk. We the best. Watch your back, but more importantly when you get out the shower, dry your back, it’s a cold world out there. They don’t want us to win.

Let’s see what Chef Dee got that they don’t want us to eat. They don’t want us to eat. Egg whites, turkey sausage, wheat toast, water. Of course they don’t want us to eat our breakfast, so we are going to enjoy our breakfast. We the best. We the best. Stay focused. The weather is amazing, walk with me through the pathway of more success. Take this journey with me, Lion! Life is what you make it, so let’s make it.

Egg whites, turkey sausage, wheat toast, water. Of course they don’t want us to eat our breakfast, so we are going to enjoy our breakfast. To be successful you’ve got to work hard, to make history, simple, you’ve got to make it. We don’t see them, we will never see them. Surround yourself with angels. The ladies always say Khaled you smell good, I use no cologne. Cocoa butter is the key. I told you all this before, when you have a swimming pool, do not use chlorine, use salt water, the healing, salt water is the healing. You should never complain, complaining is a weak emotion, you got life, we breathing, we blessed.

They never said winning was easy. Some people can’t handle success, I can. The first of the month is coming, we have to get money, we have no choice. It cost money to eat and they don’t want you to eat. Eliptical talk. Give thanks to the most high. In life you have to take the trash out, if you have trash in your life, take it out, throw it away, get rid of it, major key. Congratulations, you played yourself. Watch your back, but more importantly when you get out the shower, dry your back, it’s a cold world out there. Let me be clear, you have to make it through the jungle to make it to paradise, that’s the key, Lion!

I’m up to something. How’s business? Boomin. The key is to enjoy life, because they don’t want you to enjoy life. I promise you, they don’t want you to jetski, they don’t want you to smile. Hammock talk come soon. Mogul talk. I’m giving you cloth talk, cloth. Special cloth alert, cut from a special cloth. The ladies always say Khaled you smell good, I use no cologne. Cocoa butter is the key. I’m up to something. Bless up.

Fan luv. We don’t see them, we will never see them. Celebrate success right, the only way, apple. Always remember in the jungle there’s a lot of they in there, after you overcome they, you will make it to paradise. Hammock talk come soon. You see that bamboo behind me though, you see that bamboo? Ain’t nothin’ like bamboo. Bless up. Lion! Let’s see what Chef Dee got that they don’t want us to eat. You smart, you loyal, you a genius. Let me be clear, you have to make it through the jungle to make it to paradise, that’s the key, Lion!

Always remember in the jungle there’s a lot of they in there, after you overcome they, you will make it to paradise. I told you all this before, when you have a swimming pool, do not use chlorine, use salt water, the healing, salt water is the healing. Cloth talk. Wraith talk. You see the hedges, how I got it shaped up? It’s important to shape up your hedges, it’s like getting a haircut, stay fresh. Fan luv. Wraith talk. Find peace, life is like a water fall, you’ve gotta flow.

Cloth talk. I’m up to something. Surround yourself with angels. Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion! You see that bamboo behind me though, you see that bamboo? Ain’t nothin’ like bamboo. Bless up. They don’t want us to win. Cloth talk. Fan luv. A major key, never panic. Don’t panic, when it gets crazy and rough, don’t panic, stay calm. They don’t want us to win. You see the hedges, how I got it shaped up? It’s important to shape up your hedges, it’s like getting a haircut, stay fresh.

A major key, never panic. Don’t panic, when it gets crazy and rough, don’t panic, stay calm. How’s business? Boomin. Surround yourself with angels, positive energy, beautiful people, beautiful souls, clean heart, angel. Surround yourself with angels. The key to more success is to have a lot of pillows. Give thanks to the most high. Congratulations, you played yourself. Congratulations, you played yourself.

Find peace, life is like a water fall, you’ve gotta flow. Find peace, life is like a water fall, you’ve gotta flow. Look at the sunset, life is amazing, life is beautiful, life is what you make it. Congratulations, you played yourself. Major key, don’t fall for the trap, stay focused. It’s the ones closest to you that want to see you fail. The first of the month is coming, we have to get money, we have no choice. It cost money to eat and they don’t want you to eat.

Put it this way, it took me twenty five years to get these plants, twenty five years of blood sweat and tears, and I’m never giving up, I’m just getting started. Find peace, life is like a water fall, you’ve gotta flow. You do know, you do know that they don’t want you to have lunch. I’m keeping it real with you, so what you going do is have lunch. In life there will be road blocks but we will over come it. Don’t ever play yourself.

You see that bamboo behind me though, you see that bamboo? Ain’t nothin’ like bamboo. Bless up. How’s business? Boomin. Surround yourself with angels. Find peace, life is like a water fall, you’ve gotta flow. It’s on you how you want to live your life. Everyone has a choice. I pick my choice, squeaky clean. In life there will be road blocks but we will over come it. You should never complain, complaining is a weak emotion, you got life, we breathing, we blessed. You see the hedges, how I got it shaped up? It’s important to shape up your hedges, it’s like getting a haircut, stay fresh.

We the best. They key is to have every key, the key to open every door. Put it this way, it took me twenty five years to get these plants, twenty five years of blood sweat and tears, and I’m never giving up, I’m just getting started. Find peace, life is like a water fall, you’ve gotta flow. The weather is amazing, walk with me through the pathway of more success. Take this journey with me, Lion! Let’s see what Chef Dee got that they don’t want us to eat.

Stay focused. Lion! Learning is cool, but knowing is better, and I know the key to success. Wraith talk. I’m giving you cloth talk, cloth. Special cloth alert, cut from a special cloth. You do know, you do know that they don’t want you to have lunch. I’m keeping it real with you, so what you going do is have lunch. They key is to have every key, the key to open every door. Celebrate success right, the only way, apple. Cloth talk. The first of the month is coming, we have to get money, we have no choice. It cost money to eat and they don’t want you to eat. A major key, never panic. Don’t panic, when it gets crazy and rough, don’t panic, stay calm.

They don’t want us to eat. Eliptical talk. The key to more success is to have a lot of pillows. Mogul talk. I’m giving you cloth talk, cloth. Special cloth alert, cut from a special cloth. Eliptical talk. Stay focused. The key to more success is to have a lot of pillows. They never said winning was easy. Some people can’t handle success, I can. I told you all this before, when you have a swimming pool, do not use chlorine, use salt water, the healing, salt water is the healing.

You smart, you loyal, you a genius. You see the hedges, how I got it shaped up? It’s important to shape up your hedges, it’s like getting a haircut, stay fresh. Put it this way, it took me twenty five years to get these plants, twenty five years of blood sweat and tears, and I’m never giving up, I’m just getting started. Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion! Watch your back, but more importantly when you get out the shower, dry your back, it’s a cold world out there.

Celebrate success right, the only way, apple. In life you have to take the trash out, if you have trash in your life, take it out, throw it away, get rid of it, major key. Lion! We the best. Always remember in the jungle there’s a lot of they in there, after you overcome they, you will make it to paradise. They don’t want us to win. Find peace, life is like a water fall, you’ve gotta flow. A major key, never panic. Don’t panic, when it gets crazy and rough, don’t panic, stay calm. Learning is cool, but knowing is better, and I know the key to success.

They never said winning was easy. Some people can’t handle success, I can. They will try to close the door on you, just open it. The weather is amazing, walk with me through the pathway of more success. Take this journey with me, Lion! Congratulations, you played yourself. Find peace, life is like a water fall, you’ve gotta flow. You should never complain, complaining is a weak emotion, you got life, we breathing, we blessed. We the best. The weather is amazing, walk with me through the pathway of more success. Take this journey with me, Lion! Hammock talk come soon.

The first of the month is coming, we have to get money, we have no choice. It cost money to eat and they don’t want you to eat. Surround yourself with angels. You smart, you loyal, you a genius. You should never complain, complaining is a weak emotion, you got life, we breathing, we blessed. Let’s see what Chef Dee got that they don’t want us to eat. Wraith talk. Fan luv. The key is to drink coconut, fresh coconut, trust me. It’s important to use cocoa butter. It’s the key to more success, why not live smooth? Why live rough? The other day the grass was brown, now it’s green because I ain’t give up. Never surrender.

Celebrate success right, the only way, apple. Celebrate success right, the only way, apple. Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion! The key to success is to keep your head above the water, never give up. They never said winning was easy. Some people can’t handle success, I can. Don’t ever play yourself. How’s business? Boomin. Bless up. They never said winning was easy. Some people can’t handle success, I can. Celebrate success right, the only way, apple.

The weather is amazing, walk with me through the pathway of more success. Take this journey with me, Lion! Look at the sunset, life is amazing, life is beautiful, life is what you make it. You see the hedges, how I got it shaped up? It’s important to shape up your hedges, it’s like getting a haircut, stay fresh. It’s on you how you want to live your life. Everyone has a choice. I pick my choice, squeaky clean.

Hammock talk come soon. Stay focused. I told you all this before, when you have a swimming pool, do not use chlorine, use salt water, the healing, salt water is the healing. Give thanks to the most high. The first of the month is coming, we have to get money, we have no choice. It cost money to eat and they don’t want you to eat. We don’t see them, we will never see them. In life there will be road blocks but we will over come it. Give thanks to the most high. Celebrate success right, the only way, apple.

The first of the month is coming, we have to get money, we have no choice. It cost money to eat and they don’t want you to eat. We don’t see them, we will never see them. Don’t ever play yourself. Watch your back, but more importantly when you get out the shower, dry your back, it’s a cold world out there. Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion! Watch your back, but more importantly when you get out the shower, dry your back, it’s a cold world out there.

They don’t want us to win. They don’t want us to win. Give thanks to the most high. Find peace, life is like a water fall, you’ve gotta flow. Hammock talk come soon. We the best. The key is to enjoy life, because they don’t want you to enjoy life. I promise you, they don’t want you to jetski, they don’t want you to smile. Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion! Put it this way, it took me twenty five years to get these plants, twenty five years of blood sweat and tears, and I’m never giving up, I’m just getting started.

In life there will be road blocks but we will over come it. I’m giving you cloth talk, cloth. Special cloth alert, cut from a special cloth. The other day the grass was brown, now it’s green because I ain’t give up. Never surrender. In life there will be road blocks but we will over come it. Stay focused. Surround yourself with angels. Surround yourself with angels, positive energy, beautiful people, beautiful souls, clean heart, angel.

Always remember in the jungle there’s a lot of they in there, after you overcome they, you will make it to paradise. They never said winning was easy. Some people can’t handle success, I can. Don’t ever play yourself. Give thanks to the most high. In life you have to take the trash out, if you have trash in your life, take it out, throw it away, get rid of it, major key. Learning is cool, but knowing is better, and I know the key to success.

The first of the month is coming, we have to get money, we have no choice. It cost money to eat and they don’t want you to eat. Wraith talk. Life is what you make it, so let’s make it. How’s business? Boomin. Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion! They will try to close the door on you, just open it. Celebrate success right, the only way, apple. Cloth talk. Celebrate success right, the only way, apple. The other day the grass was brown, now it’s green because I ain’t give up. Never surrender. In life there will be road blocks but we will over come it.

You see that bamboo behind me though, you see that bamboo? Ain’t nothin’ like bamboo. Bless up. Egg whites, turkey sausage, wheat toast, water. Of course they don’t want us to eat our breakfast, so we are going to enjoy our breakfast. I’m up to something. Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion! In life you have to take the trash out, if you have trash in your life, take it out, throw it away, get rid of it, major key.

They never said winning was easy. Some people can’t handle success, I can. Eliptical talk. Stay focused. They will try to close the door on you, just open it. The key to success is to keep your head above the water, never give up. In life there will be road blocks but we will over come it. Find peace, life is like a water fall, you’ve gotta flow. They will try to close the door on you, just open it. Bless up. You see the hedges, how I got it shaped up? It’s important to shape up your hedges, it’s like getting a haircut, stay fresh.

Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion! The ladies always say Khaled you smell good, I use no cologne. Cocoa butter is the key. Look at the sunset, life is amazing, life is beautiful, life is what you make it. Find peace, life is like a water fall, you’ve gotta flow. You should never complain, complaining is a weak emotion, you got life, we breathing, we blessed. In life there will be road blocks but we will over come it. Always remember in the jungle there’s a lot of they in there, after you overcome they, you will make it to paradise.

Egg whites, turkey sausage, wheat toast, water. Of course they don’t want us to eat our breakfast, so we are going to enjoy our breakfast. They don’t want us to win. Major key, don’t fall for the trap, stay focused. It’s the ones closest to you that want to see you fail. I told you all this before, when you have a swimming pool, do not use chlorine, use salt water, the healing, salt water is the healing. Egg whites, turkey sausage, wheat toast, water. Of course they don’t want us to eat our breakfast, so we are going to enjoy our breakfast.